hey I was going everybody welcome to
miscreated and if you're coming here
because you're a subscriber I just want
to thank all you guys again for all the
support lately and if you're not well uh
you know you can hit that button join
our lovely community and yeah so I've
been following this game a while I found
it maybe on the reddit like six or seven
months ago and it wasn't released yet so
I was kind of like oh you know just
another zombie game but eventually I
popped up on my YouTube views like oh
it's released now so I bought it and now
I'm playing it and it's another game to
add to the zombies genre which I'm
really liking right now because you know
it's open their landscapes are beautiful
and it's just it's really interesting to
see those non-scripted character
interactions and this is a multiplayer
game so that makes sense and it's only
access to for $25 so you have to decide
if you want to buy it or not right now
if you're the type of person who buys
maybe you know four or five games over a
period of a year you might not want to
because there's not too much you can
doing it but if you like testing games
and you like really access this is
definitely a good one to buy and I'm
gonna vouch for the developer here
because I watched a lot of his streams
back earlier in the year he was teaching
how to making a realistic
post-apocalyptic textures all kind of
stuff like that and I can't say in a
hundred percent faith that this game
will be completed but compared to most
of the early access games out there it's
not that risky of a Buy and in this
video I want to show I want to tell one
thing that this game really does right
and that's its environment it really
does a fynch have a fantastic job with
you know a realistic looking
post-apocalyptic feel and you can give
CryEngine a lot of credit for that but
you have to get the developer credit too
because I've watched the streams earlier
like I said and he just did so much work
to make sure you know this map was
detailed and the textures fit the whole
entire concept so the added lighting the
wind and you know the plants that move
as you walk through them you can take
the guys over at CryEngine but you have
to give some thanks to the developer too
so we're going to transition to a night
now I found a good town as I was walking
which is a good example of the level of
detail
the realism of these environments so if
you walk down the street you can really
feel a sense of you know brokenness
there's overgrowth of grafts and leaves
and then the houses are overgrown with
all that vegetation too and I'll give a
better example in the daylight later in
this video
but as you walk into these homes the
interiors really follow the same concept
there's a there's garbage and dirt
everywhere like all the objects are
broken and then you have grass and vines
growing all over the place even inside
which I'm really happy to see something
like that and you know there's not a
huge variety of houses right now but it
should be enough to keep you satisfied
at the moment and it and I was walking
as I was walking down the street I
haven't found this house that they
barricade in it which was a really cool
idea maybe we'll see something like this
in the future it can actually build
these barricade yourself and then I walk
down the road even more and I hit a
supermarket down the road which I found
very similar to a supermarket I saw in
the walking dead so you can start to see
a lot of like where the inspiration came
from for this game I kind of see a
little bit of everything you know some
Alan Wake a little bit of Walking Dead
some dayz it took a lot of things from
these games and you know did it right
for the most part and at this food store
you know there's graffiti everywhere you
have the usual rundown textures and I
have to say it's one of the most
immersed environments that I've ever
played in a game at the moment so we'll
head back to daylight I want to show you
something really interesting about the
lighting in this game so notice what
happens to the light as I walk on this
bridge the game got darker right and
that's because the Sun actually went
behind a cloud I've never actually seen
this before in a game I was walking I
was like why did it just get dimmer like
whoa this actually happened so I've
never seen that before so that's a
really cool implementation now that's
most like a feature that came from
crying ship but either way it's a it's a
really interesting addition in my
opinion and if you follow the pathway
from this bridge there's another good
example of the diverse vegetation in
this game there's a ton of different
types of plants then you have the sounds
as well of the wind and the chirping
birds to really make you feel like
you're in these woods
I have a house in Pennsylvania and if to
me it's like an exact replica of this
area here I mean to the rocks that are
on the ground the plant types the trees
even the boulders absolutely look
exactly the same I might be able to find
out a decent picture for you guys I'll
show it if I can but anyway we're gonna
move to a more public area I kept
following the path and was eventually
led to some houses on the water and I
think this would be like a really cool
spot if there were bases implemented so
if you could like barricade these houses
on the lakes you can kind of make this
whole entire like 200 foot radius
your owner or your team's own area and
there's a lot of farms too you could
probably do the same thing they're very
detailed
there's rundown textures on the houses
as usual which you can't loot there's
not that much loot at the moment not a
lot of variety but I'm sure there will
be more added added and then a outside
this farmhouse you have a bunch of old
supplies and of course a lot of open
land surrounding everything and then
finally I was fully geared up so overall
I'm really liking where this game is
heading I mean once the weapons and the
cars are added I'm probably not going to
put this game down it would be so
awesome so I'm really hoping that
happens so that's a lot to share for now
I want to thank all my subscribers out
there again for supporting me with these
videos lately I'm looking forward to
playing more miscreated doing some group
meetups with you guys and then playing
all those other games that are out right
now so thanks again and I'll see you
guys next time
you